docs(benchmark): add info about binary packages and docker images (#1665)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/performance/benchmark.md

# Benchmark

> [eMQTT-Bench](https://www.emqx.com/en/try?product=emqtt-bench) is a concise and powerful MQTT protocol benchmark testing tool written with Erlang. If you need testing services with large-scale scenarios and in-depth customization , the test service [XMeter](https://www.xmeter.net/) is recommended.

Author: "performance testing" is more correct than "benchmark testing".
"Benchmark" word by itself means "performance testing".

If you want to use "Benchmark" here, I would recommend to just say "MQTT protocol benchmark tool"

Reviewer: Ok, I changed it to "benchmark tool" to be consistent with the saying on our offical website. See the change in the "Suggested change" below.

> [eMQTT-Bench](https://www.emqx.com/en/try?product=emqtt-bench) is a concise and powerful MQTT protocol benchmark testing tool written with Erlang. If you need testing services with large-scale scenarios and in-depth customization , the test service [XMeter](https://www.xmeter.net/) is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[eMQTT-Bench](https://www.emqx.com/en/try?product=emqtt-bench) is a concise and powerful MQTT protocol benchmark tool written with Erlang. If you need testing services with large-scale scenarios and in-depth customization , the test service [XMeter](https://www.xmeter.net/) is recommended.
```

## Docker image

`emqtt_bench` docker images are pushed to [hub.docker.com](https://hub.docker.com/r/emqx/emqtt-bench/tags), and `:latest` tag is updated with each new version:

```bash
docker run -it emqx/emqtt-bench:latest
Usage: emqtt_bench pub | sub | conn [--help]
```

Note that docker image name is using hyphen '-', while binary script name is with underscore '_'.

## Binary package

We create binary packages with each release for the following platforms:

- CentOS 7
- Rocky Linux 8
- Debian 9
- Debain 10
- Ubuntu 16.04
- Ubuntu 18.04
- Ubuntu 20.04

Please check them out on the [Releases](https://github.com/emqx/emqtt-bench/releases) page.

Here is how to install `emqtt_bench` on, for example, Ubuntu 20.04:

```bash
mkdir emqtt_bench && cd emqtt_bench
wget https://github.com/emqx/emqtt-bench/releases/download/0.4.8/emqtt-bench-0.4.8-ubuntu20.04-amd64.tar.gz
tar xfz emqtt-bench-0.4.8-ubuntu20.04-amd64.tar.gz
rm emqtt-bench-0.4.8-ubuntu20.04-amd64.tar.gz

./emqtt_bench
Usage: emqtt_bench pub | sub | conn [--help]
```

## Build from source

> The operation of `emqtt_bench` depends on the operating environment of [Erlang/OTP](https://www.erlang.org/) 21.2 and above version. The installation process is skipped. For details, please refer to the online installation tutorials.

Author: ```suggestion
`emqtt_bench` is written in Erlang and requires [Erlang/OTP](https://www.erlang.org/) 21.2 and above version to build it. The installation process of Erlang/OTP is skipped. For details, please refer to the online installation tutorials.
```

[emqtt_bench](https://github.com/emqx/emqtt_bench) is a concise and powerful MQTT protocol performance testing tool written with Erlang. If you need testing services with large-scale scenarios and in-depth customization , the test service [XMeter](https://www.xmeter.net/) is recommended.

> ## Docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install Test Tool
### Run Docker Image
```

Author: Docker image is one of the options to install emqtt-bench, another one is by downloading binary package (below).
If we say here "Install Test Tool" we should say the same down below as well. Both options are equivalent.

Reviewer: I unserstand there are thress options to install emqtt-bench. My previous suggestion to make the structure looks like the following. What do you think?

- Install Test Tool
   - Run Docker Image
   - Download Binary Package
   - Build from Source
- Use Test Tool
   - Publish
   - Subscribe
   - Connect
   - ...
- Typical Stress Test Scenario
   - ...

> `emqtt_bench` docker images are pushed to [hub.docker.com](https://hub.docker.com/r/emqx/emqtt-bench/tags), and `:latest` tag is updated with each new version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the benchmark tool by running the `emqtt_bench` docker image pushed to [hub.docker.com](https://hub.docker.com/r/emqx/emqtt-bench/tags). The `:latest` tag is updated with each new version:
```

```bash
docker run -it emqx/emqtt-bench:latest
Usage: emqtt_bench pub | sub | conn [--help]
```

Note that docker image name is using hyphen '-', while binary script name is with underscore '_'.

> ## Binary package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install Binary Package
```

> We create binary packages with each release for the following platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the released binary packages and install the `emqtt_bench` on the following platforms:
```

- CentOS 7
- Rocky Linux 8
- Debian 9
- Debain 10
- Ubuntu 16.04
- Ubuntu 18.04
- Ubuntu 20.04

> Please check them out on the [Releases](https://github.com/emqx/emqtt-bench/releases) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information on each release, see [Releases](https://github.com/emqx/emqtt-bench/releases).
```

> Here is how to install `emqtt_bench` on, for example, Ubuntu 20.04:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, here is how to install `emqtt_bench` on Ubuntu 20.04:
```

```bash
mkdir emqtt_bench && cd emqtt_bench
wget https://github.com/emqx/emqtt-bench/releases/download/0.4.8/emqtt-bench-0.4.8-ubuntu20.04-amd64.tar.gz
tar xfz emqtt-bench-0.4.8-ubuntu20.04-amd64.tar.gz
rm emqtt-bench-0.4.8-ubuntu20.04-amd64.tar.gz

./emqtt_bench
Usage: emqtt_bench pub | sub | conn [--help]
```

> ## Build from source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build from Source
```

Author: Building from source is yet another option of installing emqtt-bench, equivalent to docker image and binary package.
